.TH LIBCRYTWI.ASSEMBLE_DYNAMIC_META_HEADER 3 2026-05-04 "crytwi-py 0.0.1-alpha"
.SH NAME
assemble_dynamic_meta_header - Assemble the dynamic metadata header
.SH LIBRARY
Crytwi project, written in Python
.RI ( libcrytwi )
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B import libcrytwi

.BI ret\ =\ libcrytwi.assemble_dynamic_meta_header(
.BI 	manage_flag: int = 0x00,
.BI 	non_encrypt_meta_infos: tuple = (),
.BI 	kdf_key: bytes = b'',
.BI 	iv_seed: bytes = b'',
.BI )
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBassemble_dynamic_meta_header()\fR function outputs a packed with a special metadata header and some encrypted datas in bytes. It needs several arguments:
.PP
.B manage_flag
This is used to indicate whether target file to be managed. Value of \fI0x00\fR should always indicate the target file to be isolated. If a file not tend to be managed, this function will do nothing.
.PP
.B non_encrypt_meta_infos
In this version of \fBlibcrytwi(3)\fR, a forced order of data is needed. Data are original string of alias and filename in order.
.PP
.B kdf_key
In this version of \fBlibcrytwi(3)\fR, a forced order of keys is needed. Keys are derived by using Scrypt and Argon2id in order.
.PP
.B iv_seed
An IV seed is used for encrypt original data.
.SH RETURN VALUE
If \fBmanage_flag\fR is set to \fI0x00\fR, the function will outputs nothing.
.PP
Otherwise, it will outputs a dynamic metadata header and follow some encrypted data at same time.
\" .SH ERRORS

\" .SH ATTRIBUTES

\" .SH CAVEATS

\" .SH BUGS

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libcrytwi (3),
.BR libcrytwi.init_kdf_params (3),
.BR libcrytwi.generate_header_entropy (3),
.BR libcrytwi.assemble_fixed_meta_header (3),
.BR libcrytwi.libcrytwi.derive_kdf_material (3)
