.TH LIBCRYTWI.ASSEMBLE_FIXED_META_HEADER 3 2026-05-04 "crytwi-py 0.0.1-alpha"
.SH NAME
assemble_fixed_meta_header \- Assemble the fixed metadata header
.SH LIBRARY
Crytwi project, written in Python
.RI ( libcrytwi )
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B import libcrytwi
.PP
.BI ret\ =\ libcrytwi.assemble_fixed_meta_header(
.BI 	manage_flag: int = 0x00,
.BI 	cipher_type: int = 0x00,
.BI 	endian_flag: int = 0x00,
.BI 	entropies: tuple = (),
.BI 	kdf_params: tuple = (),
.BI 	max_chunk_size: int = (64 * 1024),
.BI 	payload_len: int = 0
.BI )
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBassemble_fixed_meta_header()\fR funtion outputs a fixed metadata header bytes. It needs several arguments:
.PP
.B manage_flag
This is used to indicate whether target file to be managed. Value of \fI0x00\fR should always indicate the target file to be isolated. If a file not tend to be managed, only fixed metadata header will be generated.
.PP
.B cipher_type
This is used to specifies which algorithm to be used in encryption and decryption. In this version of \fBlibcrytwi(3)\fR, this is a reservation argument.
.PP
.B endian_flag
This is used to specifies which endian to store data in headers. Value of \fI0x00\fR means use little endian and \fI0x01\fR means use big endian. In this version of \fBlibcrytwi(3)\fR, this is always \fI0x00\fR.
.PP
.B entropies
A forced order of entropies like salt, IV seed, random value to be stored in fixed metadata header. 
.PP
.B kdf_params
Scrypt and Argon2id KDF Parameters to be stored in fixed metadata header.
.PP
.B max_chunk_size
This is used to indicate the maximum size for a completed filled chunk.
.PP
.B payload_len
This is used to indicate the original file size. Should obtain from the report by filesystem.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the function return a fixed metadata header bytes and \fIerrno\fR is set to indicate the error.
.SH ERRORS
.B EPROTOTYPE
An endian provided is not supported in current version.
\" .SH ATTRIBUTES

\" .SH CAVEATS

\" .SH BUGS

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libcrytwi (3),
.BR libcrytwi.init_kdf_params (3),
.BR libcrytwi.generate_header_entropy (3),
.BR errno (3)
